feat(tutorial): content refresh tutorials (#3994)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/deploy-angular-application/index.mdx

---
title: Creating and deploying an Angular application on Serverless Containers
description: This page shows how to create and deploy an Angular 18 application on Scaleway Serverless Containers.
content:
  h1: Creating and deploying an Angular application on Scaleway Serverless Containers
  paragraph: This page shows how to create and deploy an Angular 18 application on Scaleway Serverless Containers.
tags: serverless angular docker
categories:
  - containers
dates:
  validation: 2024-11-18
  posted: 2022-04-26
```

---

Angular 18 is the latest development platform that scales from single-developer projects to enterprise-level applications. The platform provides enhanced performance, better server-side rendering, and a robust component-based framework.

### Prerequisites

<Macro id="requirements" />

- A Scaleway account logged into the [console](https://console.scaleway.com)

> - [Owner](/identity-and-access-management/iam/concepts/#owner) status or [IAM permissions](/identity-and-access-management/iam/concepts/#permission) allowing you to perform actions in the intended Organization ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Owner](/identity-and-access-management/iam/concepts/#owner) status or [IAM permissions](/identity-and-access-management/iam/concepts/#permission) allowing you to perform actions in the intended Organization
```

---
title: Creating and deploying an Angular application on Serverless Containers
description: This page shows how to create and deploy an Angular 18 application on Scaleway Serverless Containers.
content:
  h1: Creating and deploying an Angular application on Scaleway Serverless Containers
  paragraph: This page shows how to create and deploy an Angular 18 application on Scaleway Serverless Containers.
tags: serverless angular docker
categories:
  - containers
dates:
  validation: 2024-11-18
  posted: 2022-04-26
```

---

Angular 18 is the latest development platform that scales from single-developer projects to enterprise-level applications. The platform provides enhanced performance, better server-side rendering, and a robust component-based framework.

### Prerequisites

<Macro id="requirements" />

- A Scaleway account logged into the [console](https://console.scaleway.com)

> - [Owner](/identity-and-access-management/iam/concepts/#owner) status or [IAM permissions](/identity-and-access-management/iam/concepts/#permission) for your organization

Author: ```suggestion
- [Owner](/identity-and-access-management/iam/concepts/#owner) status or [IAM permissions](/identity-and-access-management/iam/concepts/#permission) allowing you to perform actions in the intended Organization ```
